CS-4331-006
Human Computer Interaction
Project 1: The microwave interface



Dongjin Kang
Prof. Tommy Dang
March 1, 2021


1.	Introduction
A microwave is an electronic device used for reheating semi-cooked foods or for simple cooking. Compared to other home appliances, the function is simple and the difference between products is not big, but it is better to consider several things together, such as size and usage, to increase utilization.	 The microwave oven has several function buttons, which consist of fast thawing, deodorizing, heating, automatic cooking, life/snack, clock, cancellation, cooking start, time adjustment, locking, and door buttons.
A brief description of the functions of this microwave is as follows:
- Speed thawing is a function that reduces thawing time.
- Deodorization forces air circulation through a blast to remove the smell inside.
- Heating/auto-cooking/living/snacking, the microwave operates with the output and time set according to the ingredients and dishes.
- Speed thawing is a function that reduces thawing time.
- Locking is a function of locking the button to prevent malfunction due to infant touch.
- -/+ is a microwave operation time setting function.
- Door buttons are functioning that open microwave doors.

2.	The Issues with The Current Design 
Some of the problems with this microwave design include heating, automatic cooking, and living/snacking. These functions operate according to the output and time set by each semi-cooked food and simple dish. These features make it easy to operate the microwave that fits your food with a single click. However, there is an inconvenience that the setting value has already been set and cannot be changed. If you do not eat food that's tailored to this function, it's actually a completely unnecessary function, and a number of already set buttons make the microwave interface look messy.

3.	 List most common uses and other rarer uses of a microwave 

The most used functions in microwave ovens are functions such as automatic cooking, thawing, deodorizing, and time-control. Recently, however, microwave ovens with thermal insulation, fermentation, and disinfection have been released. Microwaves are now being transformed into new cooking utensils beyond simply reheating food or simply cooking. These functions reduce the time it takes to operate by one-touch method rather than by pressing one by one, and the number of digital touch microwave ovens has increased, making them much easier to operate than before.

4.	Interaction between Microwave and Users

By default, users interact through microwave ovens and button inputs. The user opens the door of the microwave to defrost or reheat, selects the thawing or reheating function, and sets the time to enter it in the microwave. On the other hand, by pointing out a set of guidelines for microwave users to guide the reheating or thawing process, the system can provide guidance on what users can do to prepare food packages to heat, as well as device presets for temperature and time. Warnings also indicate the risk of fire or forgetting to turn off the microwave or heating up too much food in the process of using the microwave. Recently, the microwave touchscreen interface has enabled user interaction and has been changing to make existing cooking processes more interactive, more adaptable, and automatically available without being passive.

5.	Design supports people with disabilities.

Recently, many microwave ovens have been turned into touch screens or can be selected through a dial. However, it is difficult to tell which action menu is available for people with disabilities. Voice guidance is being changed smoothly without Braille marks or protrusions that can distinguish menus, rather than by pointing them out. In addition, some products are likely to be manipulated without knowing that there are buttons because they are buried, or touch based. Therefore, Braille marks should be added on top of the operating button to make it easier to operate people with disabilities.

6.	Low-Fidelity Prototype sketching out the design.
 
This low-fidelity prototype sketch is a microwave of 40 cm by 25 cm and is sized to fit anywhere. The microwave's interface features deodorization, disinfection, thawing, heating, time, and a 30-second time adjustment. Braille marks above all function buttons allow visually impaired people to use them without any problems. It adds only very simple functions, except for set functions such as auto cooking. This is because only set values of functions such as auto-cooking can be outputted and may be rather unnecessary for those who do not use it frequently. In addition, even if the setting value of automatic cooking can be changed, more functions can be needed, making it more complicated to use. Instead, the 30-second plus button and dial method, which complements slow time adjustment, are mostly configured to avoid discomfort with speed. However, when the time is set here by dial, it is difficult to tell how much time the visually impaired have set, so they can know how much time they have set using the crackling dial, not the soft dial. Anyone can easily find out where the door button is by adding a bumpy texture like a braille mark to the door button.

7. presentation

https://youtu.be/qx6rUfEBC38
